"Availability Of Pressing Instruction ( Include But Not Limited To No Lustering Marks, No Pressing Marks/Impression At The Back Body Caused By Zipper / Embellishment, Temperature Aligned To Care Label , Etc )"
"Availability of approved pressing sample (with authorized signature)"
"Implementing a presentable cover system - cover changed with records"
"Clear separation of product for pressing & pressed (hanged or folded properly)"
"Implementing random moisture content checking by using a calibrated moisture meter with record"
"Availability of humidity control room (in case moisture content is out of standard)"


"Approved / reference sample & trim cards or duplicate copy ( with authorized signature)"
"Implementing 100% inspection for workmanship / measurement / appearance / embellishment and no thread cutting is carried out by inspector"
"Implementing stocking policy, clear identification of garment inspected, rejected & waiting to be inspected, and non- conforming products are being identified & segregated"
"Inspection reports are analyzed for further improvement"


"Approved / reference sample available to show packing requirement with authorized signature"
"A clear separation of size / color of packaging trims"
"Implementing one style / one color / one size policy"
"Implementing stocking policy for folded / packed products"
"Is packing materials clean & free from damage or contamination?"
"Are unauthorized sharp tools used inside the packing section?"















"Conduct daily md machine calibration using accurate measuring tool for checking 9 points and machine maintenance  with record"
"Equipped with a metal free-table, contamination box for quarantine items (locked / secured and documented), a calibrated hand-held md machine and fe ferrous card (1.0 / 1.2 / 1.5 mm)"
"Implementing a metal free zone area (operators are metal free - watch / belt / accessories etc)"
"MD records are analysed for further improvement and kept inside the cabinet"
"Correct execution of hand held detection for products not passing md machine"
"All cartons before and after md detection  are placed on the plastic / metal  (rush free metal pallet)"
"Were all test results recorded correctly on the daily metal detector log sheet?"
"Is the metal detection area segregated to prevent contamination of detected items?"
"Is there a clear procedure for handling rejected/alarmed garments?"
"Is there a designated , secured area for rejected garments established?"
"Is the investigation process for metal contamination documented?"
"Are findings of metal contamination recorded?"
"Are all non-confirming trims/accessories/goods kept into the locked box(RED box) with records for 3-6 months?"
"Disposal records of non-confirming trims/accessories/goods are kept at the work place?"


